Choosing Between Ruby on Rails and Laravel for App Development [A How To Guide]
https://hackernoon.com/choosing-between-ruby-on-rails-and-laravel-for-app-development-a-how-to-guide-05bu3bjc

What You Need to Know About Ruby on Rails to Start Developing Your First Application
https://hackernoon.com/what-you-need-to-know-about-ruby-on-rails-to-start-developing-your-first-application-rhgx374a

Debugging Has_Many, Through Relationships in Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/debugging-has_many-through-relationships-in-ruby-on-rails-a65s366p

A Template for Starting New Projects on Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/a-template-for-starting-new-projects-on-ruby-on-rails-t66c36iz

How To Show User Friends Posts Using Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-show-user-friends-posts-in-your-ruby-on-rails-application-kr2232za

A Beginner's guide to Ruby on Rails MVC (Model View Controller) Pattern
https://hackernoon.com/beginners-guide-to-ruby-on-rails-mvc-model-view-controller-pattern-4z19196a

GitHub's 18 Most Popular Ruby on Rails Repositories ( November 2019 )
https://hackernoon.com/githubs-32-most-popular-ruby-on-rails-repositories-july-2019-se2732vr

Is Ruby on Rails dying: Myth or Reality?
https://hackernoon.com/is-ruby-on-rails-dying-myth-or-reality-5f869f3c29fa

Assigns in Ruby on Rails — How you can test instance variables in views and controllers
https://hackernoon.com/assigns-in-ruby-on-rails-how-you-can-test-instance-variables-in-views-and-controllers-13450a6b2472

Is Ruby on rails dead in 2019?
https://hackernoon.com/is-ruby-on-rails-dead-in-2019-b462e9a65b22

How to Improve Ruby on Rails App Performance
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-improve-ruby-on-rails-app-performance-6802dc71bb9c

The Web’s Top 7 Websites Built with Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/top-7-websites-built-with-ruby-on-rails-everyone-must-see-e5c97fe88f56

Painlessly managing long running processes in your views using Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/painlessly-managing-long-running-processes-in-your-views-using-ruby-on-rails-a83f57b51c31

Make a slideshow using Ruby on Rails in 50 lines of code and no JavaScript.
https://hackernoon.com/make-a-slideshow-using-ruby-on-rails-in-50-lines-of-code-and-no-javascript-9fdf0a88ec9d

HOW I BECAME JUNIOR RUBY ON RAILS DEVELOPER WITH A BIT OF LUCK
https://hackernoon.com/how-i-became-junior-ruby-on-rails-developer-with-a-bit-of-luck-e22bb503870d

5 Ruby on Rails Tips You Probably Don’t Know
https://hackernoon.com/5-ruby-on-rails-tips-you-probably-dont-know-8b80b4a0890f

The 3 Tenets of Service Objects in Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/the-3-tenets-of-service-objects-c936b891b3c2

Rails Development Without Ruby or Rails
https://hackernoon.com/rails-development-without-ruby-or-rails-d41b3ce56249

Your Guide to testing in Ruby on Rails 5
https://hackernoon.com/your-guide-to-testing-in-ruby-on-rails-5-c8bd122e38ad

Going further with Service Objects in Ruby on Rails
https://hackernoon.com/going-further-with-service-objects-in-ruby-on-rails-b8aac13a7271

How to use Hash ID’s in your URL in Ruby on Rails 5
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-use-hash-ids-in-your-url-in-ruby-on-rails-5-e8b7cdd31733

Wordpress inside a Ruby on Rails app
https://hackernoon.com/wordpress-inside-a-ruby-on-rails-app-c324fbf39ad8

